Ruby on Rails Developer - Amerijet - 100% Remote - 6 months+ -EAD,GC,USC,TN accepted

Amit Pandey amit.p@app.com

We need two Ruby on Rails developers for fully remote positions. Candidates should be strong with Back-end Ruby development and any cloud/AWS exposure is a big plus.



The client wants 8-10+ years of experience.

This is a C-C opportunity. No OPT. Candidates can work remote 100%.

What we need: We need two Ruby on Rails developers for fully remote positions. Candidates should be strong with Back-end Ruby development and any cloud/AWS exposure is a big plus.



Please provide all the below details with each submittal. It is required for the vendor Management system.

Number of years working with:

Total IT experience:

Years working with: ROR

Years working with: Backend development AWS

Years working with:

Full Name:

Rate:
Location:
Availability to Interview: One Day’s notice
Availability to Start: Two weeks
Email Address:
Phone Number:
Visa Status:
Education - College/Year of graduation:
Link to LinkedIN?
Certifications?
This is a phone and Skype to hire. Candidates in Florida with a LinkedIn profile preferred but not required.
The client has indicated there could be some flexibility in rate so please send to me even if they are over the target.
I still want to see candidates at higher rates.
****PLEASE ONLY SEND ME SENIOR RUBY ON RAILS CANDIDATES WITH 8-10+ YEARS OF EXPERIENCE.

JOB DESCRIPTION:

System currently written in Ruby, but long-term will probably be a different language due to the amount of queries


Key Skills:

Back-end development- Ruby on Rails experience; will also consider someone with Java or Go if they have the GIS experience
Need to have GIS experience. Deep understanding of Nearby data points (GIS / R-Tree)
Strong data skills; data visualization;
Heroku experience a plus- Heroku is a container-based cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS).
Developers use Heroku to deploy, manage, and scale modern apps
Jobs & Custom Serializers
Service Integrations with Feeds (XML, JSON)

Thanks



Amit Pandey
amit.p@app.com
