Pradeep Perez pradeepp@pqrinc.com

Hello Rod Mclaughlin
 
My name is Pradeep Perez and I am a professional recruiter at PQR Inc. Our client is interested in hiring a Middleware (Weblogic / OpenShift / Redhat) Adminsitrator. The location of this position is Dallas, Texas and it is a Full Time opportunity.
 
Please find below the job description:
 
Title: Middleware (Weblogic / OpenShift / Redhat) Adminsitrator
Location: Dallas, Texas
 
**Special notes: This will be a night shift role. There will be a general shift in the initial training days (might be 8 weeks). Post that candidates should be ready to work on rotation shifts (4pm to 1 am) & (12am to 9am). Sometimes they will be asked to support during weekends. They should be ready for that. Need written confirmation for all the candidates regarding the shift expectations.

Good exposure in Installation Configuration of WebSphere 7,8,5 and 9 on AIX Redhat Linux Windows 
Experience in Java Feature Pack and fix pack installationupgrade 
Experience in Tomcat  JBOSS  IBM HTTP Server  Apache 
Experience in writing automated scripts in ShellPythonJython  Sound Knowledge of JVM  JDK and JRE 
Excellent troubleshooting skill with ability to support and troubleshoot elevated queries independently 
Assess and identify appropriate changes and make recommendations for implementation  Support incident  change  problem and request management processes as per SLA  Plan 
prepare and apply maintenance fixes and upgrades to JBOSSTomcatWebsphere software
 
If you are qualified, available, interested, planning to make a change, or know of a friend who might have the required qualifications and interest, please call me ASAP at , even if we have spoken recently about a different position. If you do respond via e-mail please include a daytime phone number so I can reach you. In considering candidates, time is of the essence, so please respond ASAP.
 
About PQR Inc.:

PQR Inc. is an award-winning professional services company with around two decades of experience. We are partners with premier Information Technology, Banking, Retail, Telecom, Manufacturing, Aviation, Health Care, Automobile & Consulting companies for their staffing requirements. You can visit our site www.systelinc.com for complete understanding our company.
 
 


 
Thanks & Regards,

Pradeep Perez

Resourcing Specialist

Pradeepp@pqrinc.com

P : +16788897777


