FULLTIME-Hiring-.Net Full Stack Developer || Fulltime || Chicago, IL (remote initially)

Harshit Kumar <harshit.kumar@abc-solutions.com>


Hi there,

Hope you are doing great..!!

I have a job role. If interested, please share me your updated resume.                                           

 

Position: .Net Full Stack Developer

Location: Chicago, IL (remote initially)

Interview Mode: Video and Skype

Type: Fulltime

 

Please find the Job Description with Key Skills/ Certifications.

Key Skills: .Net Full Stack Developer who has Portfolio Management/ Trading /Financial industry background with experience in App Stack (must have some/all) - .NET Core/React JS/ SQL Server/ Azure Functions/

Looking for a motivated and experienced technical leader to be a key player in changing how we deliver technology for our Asset Management & Investment Services business. This person will have direct and far-reaching impact on Cloud adoption, Agile/DevOps maturity. The role requires working across a broad spectrum of technology, development teams and business partners. There could not be a better time to join our team as we transform how we deliver technology.

Responsibilities

Serve as the primary expert for Azure based solutions to our Implementation and Sales teams. Stay educated and up to date as to the latest changes
Self-starter who can pick up new technologies/skills, be comfortable with ambiguity and drive initiatives forward
Identify end to end solutions, leverage best practices and patterns
Create Proof of Concepts, apply existing technologies in new ways, prove out new approaches and technologies
Provides technical governance and guidance in partnership with application development teams
Researches, models, and integrates business and technology architectures to align with business strategy, goals and objectives
Consults on a wide spectrum of existing and emerging technologies
Reviews high-risk technology projects for compatibility with IT standards and strategic direction
Developing new user-facing features using React.js
Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use
Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code.

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience
5+ years’ experience with the concepts, philosophies, and tools behind the design of applications, information and underlying information technologies
10+ years’ core application development experience. Implementing applications and end to end solutions/designs.
Preferred Skills/Experience

5+ years coming in a lead Application Architect/Senior Application Developer role
Strong interpersonal skills with excellent verbal and written communication
Collaborative style with an ability to achieve consensus
Proven technical leader
Design of an application’s code base, layering, componentization, framework selection
App Stack (must have some/all) - .NET Core/Framework, WPF,WCF, REST, Microservice, Infragistics, React
Cloud (Desired) – Microsoft Azure
Delivery (Required) – proven track record with CI/CD, Agile/DevOps, Test Automation
Experience with popular React.js workflows (e.g., Flux or Redux)
Database experience (Preferred) - SQL/no-SQL (Oracle/MS SQL), large/complex datasets, data modelling, performance, platform evolution, data delivery
Messaging Middleware – IBM MQ/ Solace/ Kafka(desirable)
End to end system solutioning/exposure…Security, Performance, Availability, Scalability.
Information Security and Financial Services domain knowledge a big plus
Thanks & Regards

Harshit Kumar
ABC Solutions

